These two people echo each other, I'm waiting to use them,
Not available. Chaochao is just asking you to do me a favor.
It's all about work. That's too much work for you.
It makes no sense for me to share his work. no.
What are you transferring? Don’t forget it.
You are still intern now.
One of the regular assessment items is the ratings of colleagues and the evaluation of leaders only.
Manager Wang came to the rescue.
You have offended him and our colleagues.
Do you think you can still become a regular employee? No company
Go and fill me up with some coffee
Go downstairs and get takeout ingredients
It’s harder to fill up than easy
We can't see him go to the guardianship department
I don’t want to be tortured by these people
Brother Ya doesn’t have time
We'll do it tonight